= Gubbara

It helps admin to announce something in a form a notice.It consists two types of announcements:

- Session Based: Only for logged in users.(Application Layout)
- Cookie Based: For all users visting the website.(Public Layout)

== Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

<tt>gem 'gubbara'</tt>

And then execute:

<tt>$ bundle install</tt>

Install migrations:

<tt>$ rake gubbara:install:migrations</tt>

Migrate:

<tt>$ rake db:migrate</tt>

== Usage

To use this gem you just need to mount it in your route file *config/routes.rb*

<tt>mount Gubbara::Engine => '/gubbara'</tt>

Place the helper method according to your requirement in any layout or any view page where you want to place your notice.

=== Session Based Announcements

For session based announcements place this helper method in the layout which is not publicly accessible.

example: place this in *app/views/layouts/application.html.erb* file.

<tt><%= user_announcements %></tt>

=== Cookie Based Announcements

For cookie based announcements place this helper method in the layout which is publicly accessible.

example: place this in *app/views/layouts/public.html.erb* file.

<tt><%= public_announcements %></tt>

==  Features

=== Admin Panel

You can access 'Gubbara Admin Panel'.

Please ensure that only admin can access this gubbara panel to do that you can use *http_basic_authenticate_with* or some other methods to prevent that url.

=== Configuration

You can configure *background_color*, *font_color*, *font_size*, *text_alignment*, *z_index* and even *cross_button_color* of that notice.

It also can disable the notice when notice will not be needed any more.

=== Hide

==== Session

When a user clicks on the cross button it hides the template for that session and will not show till the session expires or disabled by admin.

==== Cookie

When a user clicks on the cross button it hides the template and user will not be able to see that annoucement again on that broswer because cookies are permanent and also the expiry date of cookies are 1 year. 
